[Music]
there were two
warriors i'm for a spicy tuna roll right
about now
get yourself a little something the
brothers grew apart
and a new age began in the middle
age dad is uncle ted coming for
christmas this year
sweetie sometimes you just grow apart
[Music]
diamonds go chain player
walk in the building i own it i missed
you so much
that's my girl you can't solve
everything with money but you can tim
you haven't changed at all you're still
a big baby suck it ted you
suck get that passing out of my face
excuse me
i hate to interrupt i mean it's a
riveting conversation but why don't you
i'm in the family business and now you
work for me
boomers
baby corp developed a new formula that
can turn a grown-up back into a baby for
48 hours
you want me to be a baby again
yep there's the awkward stage ew
baby corp will offer a full memory wipe
following this experience
so what's the crisis an evil genius is
teaching kids
to be very bad bad babies welcome to the
baby
revolution we're gonna need a disguise
to go undercover
yeah what have you done to me yeah no
really
going sailing oh no
thanks for always having my back you're
my brother we always stick together
because that's what families do
we need to hurry before the formula
wears off
what the aren't you a cutie in that
little karate
oh outfit gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
i'm sure this isn't something money
can't solve
what the fudge